[ Woman ]
♪ Oh, I'd do
almost anything ♪
♪ Just to make you mine ♪
♪ But I won't stand
in line ♪
♪♪ [ Country ]
♪ Waiting for your call ♪
♪ Just to take a fall ♪
♪ I won't stand in line ♪
♪ I won't stand in line ♪♪
Thank you.Whoo-hoo!
Thank you.
Really, you're too kind.
[ Sighs ]
Kel, you were
on fire tonight.Thanks, Luke.
Look, why don't we go out
and celebrate? Get some steaks,
maybe a couple of beers.
Luke, I appreciate that
you come to every show,
and sometimes don't pass out
till I'm offstage,
but I'm just not interested
in you romantically.
I'm sorry.Well, not yet.
But just wait.
I'm like Hurricane Luke.
Pretty soon I'm gonna
blow you over.Okay.
Hey, guys, what are you
doing here? I thought you were
flying to Florida tonight.
Our charter airline went
bankrupt and all the other
flights were booked.
So you decided to give up
your spring break vacation
to stay here?
Why don't you
just drive, Alexa?
Drive what? Daddy took my car,
and my wheeled suitcase
doesn't have an engine.
But we do know someone
with a car, don't we, Kel?
Look, spring break is a total
mob scene and all the guys have
one thing on their mind.
I know. Why do you think
I'm goin'?She already bought 23 bikinis.
How did you swing that?When my daddy
saw all the charges,
I just told him my therapist's
name was Neiman Marcus.Come with us to Miami.
We'll lose our entire deposit
on the motel.It's just not my scene.
Oh. But this is?
Is it the beautiful decor
or the locals that attract you?
Definitely the locals.
What else are you gonna do
with your week off?
Just imagine relaxing
on a gorgeous beach.
Sippin' piña coladas
with your two best friends.
And if you don't come--[ Together ]
We'll kill ya.
[ Luke Belches ]
Okay.
[ Woman ]
♪ Vacation
All I ever wanted ♪
Had to get away ♪
♪ Vacation
Meant to be spent alone ♪
All I ever wanted ♪
♪ Vacation
Had to get away ♪[ Woman #2 ] ♪ Oh, yeah ♪
Meant to be spent alone ♪
♪ Meant to be spent alone ♪
♪♪ [ Women Harmonizing ]
♪ A week without you ♪
♪ Thought I'd forget ♪
♪ Two weeks without you ♪
♪ And I still haven't
gotten over you yet ♪
♪ Vacation
All I ever wanted ♪
Had to get away ♪♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Vacation
Meant to be spent alone ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Vacation ♪♪ All I ever wanted ♪
♪ Vacation ♪♪ Had to get away ♪
♪ Vacation ♪
♪ Meant to be spent alone ♪
♪ Spent alone ♪
♪ Vacation
All I ever wanted ♪♪ All I ever wanted ♪
Had to get away ♪♪ Just to get away ♪
♪ Vacation
All I ever wanted ♪♪
Dude, this year's
spring break is gonna rock.
I barely recovered
from last year.
Neither have the 400 women
who were running off
at the mouth about you.
Listen, three clubs want us
to promote parties.
I've lined up exclusive use
of the hottest deejay,
and to top it off,
I planned the ultimate event--
a whipped cream bikini contest
judged by none other than...
the Pennsylvania posse.[ Laughs ]
Yes! Yes. Thank you.Count me out.
I'm lactose intolerant. Besides,
on this spring break, there's
only one woman on my mind.
Eddie, please tell me you're
not gonna spend the entire time
visiting your grandmother again.
No. I've been cyber-chatting
with this girl
for like a year.
We're finally gonna meet
on spring break. She's so hot.
You should see her web page.
It's really well designed.
You click on her head--
I can't imagine being
with the same girl
for a whole year.
You can't imagine being with
the same girl for a whole day.That's true.
But then I'm genetically
incapable of forming long-term
relationships with women.
Thank you.That's nothing to be
proud of, Brandon.
You think I wanna
end up like you?
Unable to function
in the real world 'cause
you were dumped by some girl.
Stacy didn't dump me.
She's just been really busy.
For over a year?You don't let your emotions
get anywhere near you.
You know what?
I like that.
So, what?
You don't feel anything?
If someone stole my car,
I'd be devastated.Definitely. Me too.
- I mean, girls.
- Just keep it simple--
dinner, chat, cab,
coffee, party, shower, cab.
Sometimes he likes to
mix and match.
Coffee in the shower?
That's-- Oh! Oh, okay.
[ Kelly ]
Whoo! We're here.[ Alexa ] Finally.
Come on, Lex.
Hello! We can do that later.
Let's hit the beach.
Okay, we're comin'.Come on!
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]Y'all ready to party?
Then make some noise.
All my girls,
are you with me?
All my fellas,
- Miami, are you with me?
- Hey yourself.
East Coast,
are you with me?Come on.
West Coast,
are you with me?
Come on!
Are you with me?
Come on! Are you with me?
[ Women ]
♪ All the girls gonna shake it
in the bounce tonight ♪
♪ Gonna do it like we do
when the bounce is right ♪
♪ If it's cool we can rock 'em
till the morning light ♪
♪ Can you feel the vibe ♪ [ Man ]
♪ Can you feel the vibe ♪
Hi.
♪ All we wanna do is rock it
till the bounce is right ♪
♪ Make 'em feel the love vibe ♪
♪ Hey, there, sweet thing
I'm feeling the attraction ♪
♪ Are you looking
for distraction ♪
♪ Well, you've found it
here in me ♪
♪ Tall, short, dark, blond ♪
♪ Who's the right decision ♪
♪ Boy, I need a vision
if you wanna dance with me ♪
♪ Did that girl
just look my way ♪
♪ Looks like she
just wants to play ♪
♪ So go over
♪♪ No, I'll stay ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't know
just what to say ♪
♪ Won't you tell me
where you're from ♪
♪ Don't I know you
from back home ♪
♪ We really need
to be alone ♪
♪ 'Cause tomorrow
you'll be gone ♪
♪ All the girls gonna shake it
in the bounce tonight ♪
♪ Gonna do it like we do
when the bounce is right ♪
♪ If it's cool we can rock 'em
till the morning light ♪♪ Can you feel the vibe ♪
♪ Can you feel the vibe ♪♪ Tell me
Can you feel the love ♪
♪ And the fellas
will be checkin' all
the ladies, right ♪
♪ And if they're in the mood
Then it's on tonight ♪
♪ All we wanna do is rock it
till the bounce is right ♪
♪ Make 'em feel the love vibe ♪ ♪ Tell me
Can you feel the love ♪
[ Crowd Cheering ]
♪ Look at you
Boy, you really
got me flyin' ♪
♪ And you ain't
even tryin' ♪
♪ That's why I wanna
be with you ♪
♪ There's no doubt
you're the hottest thing
around here ♪
♪ Come on and say
you'll stay here ♪
♪ We can party till
the day is gone ♪
[ Shouting ]
♪ I've been watching you
a while and I really
like your smile ♪
♪ I can see
you got a line ♪
♪ But I know for right now
that we could be just fine ♪
♪ Should we really play
this game ♪
♪ Can you tell me
what's your name ♪
♪ Does it matter
all the same ♪
♪ You can see in my eyes
that we'll meet up again ♪
♪ All the girls gonna shake it
in the bounce tonight ♪
♪ Gonna do it like we do
when the bounce is right ♪
♪ If it's cool we can rock 'em
till the morning light
Can you feel the vibe ♪
♪ And the fellas
will be checkin'
all the ladies, right ♪
♪ And if they're in the mood
Then it's on tonight ♪
♪ All we wanna do is rock it
till the bounce is right ♪
♪ Make 'em feel the love vibe ♪
[ All Cheering ]
♪ All my girls ♪ ♪ All the girls gonna shake it
in the bounce tonight ♪
♪ Gonna do it like we do
when the bounce is right ♪
♪ If it's cool we can rock 'em
till the morning light ♪
♪ Can you feel the vibe ♪
♪ And the fellas
will checkin' all
the ladies, right ♪
♪ And if they're in the mood
Then it's on tonight ♪
♪ All we wanna do is rock it
till the bounce is right ♪
♪ Make 'em feel the love vibe ♪
♪ All the girls gonna shake it
in the bounce tonight ♪
♪ Gonna do it like we do
when the bounce is right ♪
♪ If it's cool we can rock 'em
till the morning light ♪
♪ Can you feel the vibe ♪
♪ All the fellas
will be checkin'
all the ladies, right ♪
♪ And if they're in the mood
Then it's on tonight ♪♪ Yeah, to feel the vibe ♪
♪ All we wanna do is rock it
till the bounce is right ♪
♪ Make 'em feel the love vibe ♪
♪ Everybody's checkin'
everybody out tonight ♪
♪ And the beach where they're on
yeah, it's out of sight ♪
♪ She looks like she won't
but I think she might ♪
♪ You gotta feel
the love vibe ♪♪
[ Cheering ]
Okay, guys, this
is the game reserve.
We are the stag.
Out there is the babe stag.The hind.
What?Female stag,
it's called the hind.
That's where the girls
lose interest, man.
Too much detail.
It's really hard to believe
you don't have a girl.
Maybe I should go back
to the hotel room.
What if Lizzie E-mails me?
Eddie, think of this
as practice time
before you meet her.
Besides, relax.
You just got here.
Check out the scene.
Yeah, work on your moves.
I don't have any moves.
Take it from the masters.
Dude, you wanna pick up chicks,
I'll give you the secret.
You want mad phone numbers
and make them beg you
to keep it?
You'll be heart breakin',
better yet, heart bustin'.
Just follow me and Justin.
And here we go.And soon they'll be
lustin' for you.
♪ Now to impress these chicks
you gotta be smoother
than ever ♪
♪ No need to sweat
I'm your mentor, I'm clever ♪[ Imitating Drum Machine ]
♪ The ones at the bar
and the ones at the pool ♪
♪ They're triplets
Sammy, Cammy and Tammy
from my old high school ♪
♪ But it's cool 'cause I rule
Multiple chicks you'll be
landin' so listen to Brandon ♪
♪ And soon they'll be
standin' with you ♪
♪ You can leave them all smitten
with names like honey and baby
and bunny and kitten ♪
♪ You listenin'
'Cause you now are a playa
Just stack up the layers ♪
♪ On your heart and then savor
this flavor of freedom
Gotta date 'em and leave 'em ♪
♪ Good-bye, see you later
Catch you maybe next season ♪
♪ So you ready now, Eddie
You're a chick-seekin'
missile ♪
-♪ So follow my plan and
make all the girls whistle ♪♪
-Oh, my!
You doing anything later? [ Alexa ]
Yeah.
- Tryin' to get that image
out of my head.
- [ Girls Laughing ]
Identification, please.
I swear, Officer,
I-I was experiencing
a temporary psychosis...
brought on by heat
and large crowds.
It's like this
rare condition known
as posterior spasmodica.
It's very dangerous
if you let it go unchecked.Right.
Has anyone ever told you
you have beautiful eyes,
Officer Cutler?Thanks.
Let me give you
my number.Cool.
[ Tears Ticket Off ]
See ya.Wait. This isn't
your number.
This is a ticket!
Seventy-five bucks. Man!
I think she likes you,
buddy.Nah. Really?
She does have
beautiful eyes.
Dude, yeah, and you got
a real beautiful ticket.
Come on.
[ Man ]
Pool closes at sundown.
There's no smoking, no
drinking, no loud music...
and no girls.
You know, you remind me
of my mother.
She has bigger sideburns.
Thank you.
Have a nice day.
It's good to be home!
This place is a dump.It beats last year,
believe me.
Play our cards right,
we won't even spend
a minute here.
You think they have
a high-speed Internet access?
We're not gonna be here
long enough to find out.
Come on. Get ready.
Oh![ Chuckles ]
Shut up.
[ Indistinct Chattering ]
What about
those guys today?
- They were flaunting it.
- The guy with the curly hair
was socute.
And he was totally
checking you out.No, he wasn't.
What's that?A BR&J invitation.
They only throw
the hottest set of parties
on the East Coast, y'all.
I'm telling you,
these boys rule spring break.
Wow. The kings of getting
drunk and objectifying women.
Where can I sign up?Well, I plan on
getting in on the action.
No, Kaya, wear the orange
bikini, and, Kelly,
please try and unclench...
and have a good time.
I don't clench.
I don't.
[ Whispering ]
I believe you.
That girl at the beach
was pretty hot, huh?
Oh, yeah.You don't even know
which one I'm talking about.
- Who cares? They're all hot.
- This one's special, man.
I'm gonna find her.
Find her? Are you crazy?
A: There are a million
hot girls here.
B: The rule is no second
contact for three days.
Look, we're only here
for a week. So three hours
is the equivalent of three days.
You show her you're hot for her,
you'll end up like cyber boy.
This thing doesn't
even have buttons.
How am I gonna log on?
What?
So, do you really think
he was lookin' at me?
Totally. If he was Superman,
he'd have burned
a hole in you.
He's probably just a hound.There's only one way
to find out.
Let's go look for him.We're never gonna
find him.
You wanna try?No. Yes.
We are gonna get into
the best parties and meet
the hottest guys!
[ Together ]
Uh-huh.
[ Shouting, Cheering ]♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
[ Man ]
♪ I've been wonderin'
if it's time ♪
♪ To say what's on my mind ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm in the dark
So what's in your heart ♪
[ Woman ]
♪ What's in your heart ♪
♪ I don't even know your name
But the thought
of you remains ♪
[ Together ]
♪ Suddenly my pulse is jumping
Do you feel the same ♪
[ Solo ]
♪ I talk it over
with my friends ♪
♪ And I guess it all depends
how you really feel ♪
♪ Boy, can you comprehend ♪
[ Together ]
♪ You could be just
'round that corner now ♪
♪ Hoping this love
is yet to be found ♪
♪ It's not too late
to call my name ♪
♪ So don't you look
the other way ♪
♪ Open your eyes
and you'll see ♪
♪ My heart won't wait
Don't hesitate ♪
♪ We got a chance
we gotta take ♪
♪ It feels like
you could be ♪
♪ Forever part of me ♪
♪ It's getting right
under my skin ♪♪ Right under my skin ♪
♪ I don't know where
to begin ♪♪ Would I look the fool ♪
♪ Should I play it cool
or jump right in ♪♪ Or jump right in ♪
♪ How am I supposed
to know ♪ ♪ To know ♪
♪ Whether I should
come or go ♪ ♪ Come or go ♪
♪ I think it's time
we let our feelings show ♪ ♪ Let our feelings show ♪
[ Together ]
♪ We might let the moment
just pass us by ♪
♪ And it's gone
in a blink of an eye ♪
♪ It's not too late
to call my name ♪
♪ So don't you look
the other way ♪
♪ Open your eyes
and you'll see ♪
♪ My heart won't wait
to hesitate ♪
♪ We got a chance
we gotta take ♪
♪ It feels like
you could be ♪
♪ Forever part of me ♪♪
Hey, gorgeous.Hi.
You wanna enter a whipped cream
bikini contest? I know how you
can get in with a judge.
Sure. Um, I just don't know
what my boyfriend would say.
Boyfriend? Oh, girl,
tell your boyfriend
to go take a hike.
Why don't you
tell him yourself?
Uh--
Everyone is welcome.
Justin, you have to put us
on the Margarita Madness list.
You know the rules.
First come, first serve,
unless, of course, you, uh,
have one of these.
[ Chuckles ]
Just show this to the doorman.
He'll let you skip the line.Thanks.
And we'll see you
at the bikini contest.
So, you're with BR&J parties?
Which letter are you?
I'm the "J," Justin.
"BR" is Brandon.
So, what does a girl
need to do to get
one of those bracelets?
Well, it looks like
I'm all out.
I got 'em!
I got the bracelets!
[ Girls Shouting ]
[ Girl ]
Let me go! Let me in there!
I got one.
Thank you.
- Hey, give me some bracelets!
- Justin, we only need three!
We only need
three more bracelets!
Come here often?Hey, we met
at the beach, right?
Yeah. My friends call me
Kelly for short.
I'm Justin.
Oh.Thanks.
So, Justin, do you spend
a lot of time
in the girls' room?
I just needed to make
a quick escape.Me too.
It's total insanity out there.
There's even one guy passing out
whipped cream bikini flyers.
Is that degrading or what? [ Banging ]
We know you're in there.
You gotta come out sometime![ Chuckles ]
Friends of yours?
No, not exactly.
Um, look, I need
to get out of here.
Okay, I'll let you in on one
little secret, but you can't
tell anyone I told you.
All right, tell me.
Every girls' bathroom
has a secret escape door.
Girl, my hair won't
even fit through there.
I'm from Texas.
I've seen bigger.
You sure about this?Oh, yeah. It won't
hurt me a bit.
No, no, slowly! Ow!
That's gonna leave a mark.
Are you okay? Yeah. Luckily, my body
broke my fall.
Listen. I know
this great burger stand
by the open-air stage.
If you weren't doing anything
later, maybe you wanna
go have a burger or something.
Call me.
Okay.
Eww.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
Excuse me.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I just spilled
a little punch all over
my favorite outfit.
Here, let me help you.
Come on. Sit here.
I'll be right back
to fix you right up,
okay?
Stay there.
I'm comin'.[ Giggles ]
Now, salt and club soda
should get any stain out.
Although, I wouldn't know
what to do if you accidently
spilled salt and club soda.
You're so cute.
I mean, that was cute
what you said.
You're not cute.
I mean, of course,
you're cute, but not in a way
that makes me seem easy. I'm--
I'm
-I'm Kaya.I'm Carlos.
And you're cute, too,
but not in a way that
makes you seem easy.
It is so nice to
finally meet one guy on
spring break with manners.
Thanks, but I'm not really-- [ Man ]
Hey, Carlos!
Get a move on.
Tables need clearing.
Hey. I was wondering
where you vanished to.
Actually, I bumped into one
of your friends earlier today.
Is she, uh, around here?
Who, Kelly?
Oh, no, baby doll.
She's probably gone home.
I mean, she's not exactly
party central or anything.
All right, well, look.
This is kind of awkward,
but, you know, we had, like,
this instant connection.
Yeah. I can't say
I didn't notice it.
Well, good, because
I was hoping you could
give me Kelly's number.
What?She gave it to me earlier,
but I kind of lost it.
Wait. You're interested
in Kelly?Yeah.
You're the mayor of
spring break and she's
one bonnet shy of Amish.
Well, that's the thing.
She's not a party girl.
[ Scoffs ]
Don't knock 'em
till you try 'em.
Just do me a favor.
Can you give her my number?
On second thought,
you should really call her.
Sweet. Thanks.
My pleasure.
So what? Did you give out
your number to every guy
in there?
Something like that. [ Cell Phone Ringing ]
That was quick.
Which one was that one?
No one special.
[ Mockingly ]
I can't believe you asked
for her friend's number.
That is so insulting.
How is that insulting?You might as well have said,
"Dog face, who's your friend?"
You probably sent her
into a spiral of depression.Come on.
It's not like she has
a problem getting guys.Why didn't you go for her?
He liked her friend.I didn't even notice her friend.
Which one was she?
That's where you
and I differ.
You only notice what's
right in front of your face.
This girl was different.
Okay, you take different.
I'll take hot.
Hey, gorgeous.
[ Phone Ringing ]
So that guy
hasn't called?What guy?
Down, girl.Just this guy
I met at Nikki's.
Why don't you
call him?I don't have his number.
You like this guy then?You can't give up
after one day.
Kelly, I know
what your problem is.Me too.
I have two nosy friends
who refuse to mind
their own business.
You don't take any chances.I say you keep
looking for him.
And I say, move on.
There are plenty of
other fish in the ocean.
And I'm goin' fishin'.
Kelly, you shouldn't
have said a word.
You know how she can be.
Kaya, he's not even her type.You like him, Kel.
That makes him her type.
That, and the fact
that he's a guy.
[ Giggles ]
Whipped cream bikinis, ladies.
Don't be shy.
This is your chance
of a lifetime.
Make your dreams come true.
And mine as well.
Hey.
Thank you.You have to come to this.
You haveto come to this.
And you can bring your
sister too? Are you sisters?A thousand dollars?
Sorry. Kitchen's closed.
From what I hear,
that's a good thing.
I, uh, actually
came to see you.
You ran off so quickly
before, I didn't get a chance
to give you my number.
[ Chuckles ]
Uh, look.
You seem like a nice girl,
but I think those college guys
are more your speed.
Besides, I work
all the time.
Oh. Well, you must
get one night off.
Okay. I'm free tonight.
You adventurous?
Me, adventurous?
Heck, yeah.
I mean, hell, yeah.
I say "hell" all the time.
Hell, hell, hell.
Hell.
Okay, I'll meet you
up front at 8:00.
Are you sure
this is the right place?
Positive. Come on.
It's a little different
from the spring break crowd.
♪♪ [ Salsa ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing In Spanish ]
How'd you find this place?
[ Carlos ]
It's a local hangout.
Do you like it?
This is incredible!
Well, have a good time.
We're amongst friends.
We're okay.
♪♪ [ Spanish Continues ]
Hey, come on. Let's go.
But we just got here.
No, I mean, come on.
Let's dance. It's the rueda.Oh, no. No, no.
Look into my eyes.
You'll be great.
Trust me.
Okay.
♪♪ [ Spanish Continues ]
There you go.
[ Laughing ]
Bye-bye.Where are you going?
Hey!
[ Shouting In Spanish ]
♪ You hear it
when the music plays
a longing melody ♪
♪ Take me in your arms and
whisper how it all can be ♪
♪ Listening to the music
we can let ourselves be free ♪
♪ All that we desire
is right there
when you dance with me ♪
♪ I'll stay around
We dance until we find ♪
♪ Our hearts hold the secrets
that we never tell our mind ♪
♪♪ [ Man Sings
In Spanish ]♪ The rhythm takes us ♪
♪ The music makes us ♪
♪ It's meant to be ♪
♪ Yea-eah ♪
♪♪ [ Harmonizing ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing In Spanish ]
♪♪ [ Reggae,
Indistinct ]
It just doesn't make sense.
No, what doesn't make sense
is you're on spring break...
and you're still talking
about the one girl
who blew you off.
We had a very nice connection
in that bathroom.
Oh, if I had a nickel
for every time I said that--You'd have ten cents.
I remember.
You said it twice.
Look, J, I feel your pain.
I know what it's like
to be blown off.
No, you don't.But still, I know
what pain feels like.
You remember when I broke
my collarbone snowboarding?
Best way to get over
this chick is to move on.I'm gonna ask her out again.
Go ahead. Send another.
Really humiliate yourself.
Come on. What's the worst
she can say? No?
Trust me. Being rejected
by text is way less
humiliating.
[ Together ]
Right.
[ Horns Honking ]Okay, spill,
and I need the details.
Last night was magical.
Carlos took me dancing.
- We went walking
under the moonlight.
- Yawn.
Maybe I should
take a chance.
So one guy doesn't call.
- I gotta keep putting myself
out there. Be more like Alexa.
- [ Phone Ringing ]
- Are you sure about that?
- Her phone's been ringing
nonstop.
Mine? Might as well
be Fisher-Price.[ Giggles ]
You wanna have some fun,
Kelly?
I know exactly
where to find it.
You entered me in
a whipped cream
bikini contest?
I thought you said
you wanted to get out
and have a good time.
My idea of a good time
is not parading around
in some dessert topping.
It's humiliating
and degrading--And fattenin'.
Oh, come on. [ Brandon ]
Ladies and gentlemen--
Oh, look, it's starting.
Let's go!
[ Arguing Indistinctly ]
You ready to whip it?I'm gonna kill you.
[ Kelly ]
Put me down!
- Let's give a huge welcome
to contestant number nine!
- What are you doing here?
We're the judges.
Now get slathered--
Point that can in my direction
and I will hurt you.She's saucy. I like.
I'm gonna let my man
Justin do the honors.
You're BR&J parties?Not all of them.
Just the "J."
You organized this.
I can't believe you.[ Chanting ] Whipped cream!
Whipped cream!
Whipped cream!Start believing.
Hey, it's spring break,
right?
[ Shouting ]And what do you wanna see?
- [ All ] Whipped cream!
- [ Chuckles ]
Come on. Get wild.
Go crazy. Come on.
Whipped cream!
Whipped cream!Don't mind if I do.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Whipped cream! Whipped cream!
[ Shouting ]
Oh, very funny.
Real funny.
Hey, check this out?
Whoa! Dude!
Kelly, I am so sorry.
I had no idea Justin
was involved with that.
The guy's a jerk.You know what?
I just don't get it.
He seemed so different
when I met him.
He seemed nice and funny.
Look, Justin just needs
someone his own speed,
and... you're slower.
Whatever. I'm gonna
go back to the hotel.
Do you want us to come?No,
I'd rather be alone.
Hey, you!
Who, me?Yeah, we need
a fourth.
Oh, no, I'm meeting
someone here.
We met on the Internet
in a Xenachat room.
She's a big fan, as am I.
Just a quick game.
Come on.
Okay. Just a quick game.
Thanks for helping us out.
I'm Jeff.Eddie.
Good, Eddie. You're right there.
I'll serve it. Ready?
All right, here we go.
Here we go.
I got it. I got
it. Hit it! Hit it!
[ Groaning ]You all right?
I'm okay.
♪♪ [ Hip-hop ]
What can I get for you?I'll have
the bacon cheeseburger.
Triple bypass. I'd get the bypass
on the side.
Out of all the places in Miami,
do you have to be at this
particular one right now?
Actually, it's my
favorite place. I was gonna
take you here, remember?
I'll take it to go.Let me explain, Kelly--
Let me help. You're a player
and you come down
to spring break...
for these little juvenile
parties and spread whipped cream
on girls who think you're cute.
Wait. First of all,
the whipped cream is a very
small part of our business.
Uh, you know what?
Good-bye.
Kelly, wait. All the contests,
the parties, the hotties,
it's all part of a business
I started a long time ago.
It pays for my books
and my housing all year.Oh.
So your party guy reputation,
that's just a perk.It used to be.
Look, I know we just met.
What can I do
to make it up to you?
You can shave all the hair
on your head except
for here and here.
All right.I'm kidding.
Oh.
You know what? You should
really try the hot sauce.[ Gasps ]
Oh, I'm sorry.
I promise, I'm slightly
less dorky than you think.
- So, what do you say?
- Napkin!
Right.
You know what'll help
you think better?
A boat ride.
Wow. Smooth.
So we're still on
for the marina at 4:00?Yes, yes!
But if I see any sign of
any nondairy whipped topping,
I'm leaving.
You're on.
Still on?
Seven hundred and 50 bucks.
Oh, man, I rock!
Officer Cutler, you'll be
happy to know the contest
was a resounding success.
The music was sedate
and the whipped cream
was skimpy, but tasteful.
And the beach,
it's gonna be wiped clean.
I'm impressed.
You followed the law, right
down to the event permit.
Event permit?
[ Kelly ]
You know, I should warn you.
It's all dry land and
pickup trucks where I'm from.
If it makes you feel better,
I can put a gun rack
in the back.
Cute.[ Chuckles ]
You sure you know about boats?Yeah, sure. I had one
when I was a kid.
Plastic, three inches long.
Lost in a horrible
bath accident.
[ Scoffs ][ Chuckles ]
All right, here we go.
[ Boat Engine Starts ]
Nice and easy.
You okay?Yeah.
How are you
with seasickness?
I'm okay for the first ten
minutes, but after that,
you might wanna step back.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, thanks for
the advice.
Look, there's definitely
something going on between us.
You know what I mean?
♪ Baby, come close ♪
♪ Let me tell you this ♪
♪ In a whisper
my heart says ♪
♪ You know it too ♪
♪ And maybe we both share
a secret wish ♪
♪ And you're feeling my love
reaching out ♪
♪ To you ♪
♪ Timeless ♪
♪ Don't let it end, no ♪
[ Continues Together ]
♪ Now that you're
right here in my arms ♪
♪ Where you should stay ♪
♪ Hold tight, baby ♪
♪ Timeless ♪
♪ Don't let it fade
out of sight ♪
♪ Just let the moment ♪
♪ Sweep us both away ♪
♪ Lifting us to where ♪
♪ We both agree ♪
♪ This is timeless ♪
♪ Love ♪
So, do you bring
all your girls out here?
No, I mostly come
out here to think.
What are you thinking
about now?
I'm thinking about
how happy I am that
you gave me a second chance.
♪ I see it all, baby ♪
♪ In your eyes ♪
♪ And when you look
at me ♪
♪ You know I feel it too ♪
♪ Yes, I do ♪
[ Together ]
♪ So let's sail away ♪
♪ And meet forever, baby ♪
[ Solo ]
♪ Where the crystal ocean
melts into the ♪
[ Together ]
♪ Sky ♪
♪ We shouldn't let
the moment pass ♪♪ Moment pass ♪
♪ Making me shiver
Let's make it last ♪
♪ Why should we lose it
Don't ever let me go ♪
[ Continues Together ]
♪ Ye-ea-eah ♪
[ Solo ]
♪ Baby, it's timeless ♪
♪ Oh, baby
It's timeless ♪ ♪♪ [ Harmonizing ]
[ Together ]
♪ Timeless ♪
[ Justin ]
♪ Don't let it fade
out of sight ♪
♪ Just let the moment
sweep us both away ♪
♪♪ Lifting us away ♪
[ Together ]
♪ We both agree ♪
♪ This is timeless ♪
♪ Love ♪♪
I am so ready
to rueda.
I've been working on
this one move. Ready?
Uno, dos, tres.
[ Laughing ]
Ay, mommy.
What do you think?You sure you're not
from Havana?
Carlos, I need you
for the dinner shift.He can't. He's busy tonight.
[ Carlos ]
Please.What's with the girl?
I'll tell you what's with me.
You overwork him, treat him like
dirt. You don't pay overtime.
Carlos, I didn't realize
you were so unhappy.
- Mr. O'Mara--
- No, no. Maybe you should take
the rest of the night off.
- Thank you.
- In fact, take every night off.
You're fired.
Mr. O'Mara, wait.
What just happened?
I am so sorry.
I wasn't thinking-
-Sure you were.
You were thinking
about yourself.
Mr. O'Mara.
Mr. O'Mara, wait.No.
So, thanks for a great day.
I'm even willing to forget
how it started.
It's good when some things
go wrong, 'cause it makes
other things go right.
Well, that was deep.[ Chuckles ]
I got it from
a fortune cookie.
Well, good night.
Good night.
So I guess I'll see you
at the beach tomorrow. Okay.Sure.
Good night.Good night.
[ Brandon, Rapping ]
♪ Step right up, I know you're
lookin' for the hottest ♪
♪ BR&J is not one to be modest
Margarita Madness
is about to drop ♪
♪ Ten dollars and a holler
This party never stops
Senoritas ♪
Brandon! Brandon! Move!Ow!
♪ So I know I flow up ♪♪
I'm friends of the promoters.
Brandon, please let me in
for free.
No problem.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
See y'all later.
[ Screams ][ All Laughing ]
Margarita Madness was
the bomb. I made a thousand
bucks. Set an all-time record.
Plus, I met a Swedish girl
named Inga and I only spilled
her drink three times.
Another record.Well, I'm off to meet
my Internet babe.
Once she sees this bronzed
Adonis, she'll know
it was worth the wait.
Whoa, whoa. Got milk?My skin is not milky.
It is alabaster. Thank you.
Plus, I have three hours
of prime tanning time
before our date.
Hey, I've been lookin' for you.Well, you're in luck.
Here I am.
You invited my girlfriend
last night to your little
margarita party,
and your bouncer
didn't let me in.
And I don't take
rejection too well.
You know, there's a really
good explanation for that.
What is it?Tell him.
[ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
Officer, thank God.
I swear, I was being chased
by a giant steroid.
He was mean looking
and big and-and mean.Uh-huh.
How much do I owe?
Bronze me.
Well, I better get going.
I'm meeting Justin in
an hour at the beach.
Kelly, I don't mean to burst
your bubble, but I don't know
about Justin.
- Why are we friends with her?
- I'm just trying
to protect Kelly's feelings.
The guy's a party animal.
How do you know he's not dating
a different girl every night?
I don't. I'm just willing
to take that chance.
- You don't have anything
in common.
- That's what's cool about it.
I appreciate your concern,
but you don't know what it's
like to connect with someone.
What is that supposed to mean? [ Kaya ]
Come on.
You date a billion different
guys. You dance on tables.
That's who you are.
Just like Kelly's nice.
- Kaya's smart.
- And you're--
- A party girl?
- Yes, a party girl.
Maybe there's more
to me than that.
Yes.
Justin, dude, I know
you met this chick,
but you gotta hustle.
If you want this business
to work, you gotta act
professionally at all times.
"Pool party at the Paradise.
Hot chicks, ten bucks.
Guys, free."
Oh, very professional.
Oh, great, a typo.
This is all your fault.
My fault? You're the one
who had 'em printed.
You let me. You know
I'm irresponsible. [ Phone Ringing ]
I'd love to help, but you know
I'm meeting Kelly at the beach.
Great. The copy shop
is right on the way.
Change of plans.
We're meeting at Pearl.
Opposite direction.
Come on.Have fun.
Thanks, dude.Call me.
"Guys, free."
Oh, yeah.
Cool tan, huh?[ Mutters,
Laughing ]
Ladies.
Ho! See that?
Okay. What--[ Laughing ]
Way to go, dude.
What's going on?
[ Screaming ]
Oh! Oh, God!
♪♪ [ R&B ]
[ Woman ]
♪ I'm gonna wish upon a star ♪
♪ The boys are bad
The boys are good ♪
♪ They would all love me
if only they could ♪
♪ It's only playing
It's only pretend ♪
♪ 'Cause I can see
through all those men now ♪
♪ Who am I supposed to be ♪
♪ A girl who stays
at home alone, no ♪
♪ Baby needs her fantasy
Someone who'll never
let me go ♪
♪ Could I be forgiven ♪
♪ For how I want
my life to be ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ I wanna go
a little too far ♪
♪ Need a little love
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ I wanna go
a little too far ♪
♪ Need a little love
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ Don't you think
I'm goin' too far ♪
♪ Need a little trouble
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪
♪♪ [ Female Singers
Harmonizing ]
♪ If you like what
you're seein' ♪
♪ You can only believe in
Gonna have it my way ♪
♪ So you better watch out
and you should have no doubt ♪
♪ I don't care
what people say ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ Need a little love
to get me by ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ I wanna go
a little too far ♪
♪ Need a little love
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ Do you think
I'm goin' too far ♪
♪ Need a little trouble
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ I wanna go
a little too far ♪
♪ Need a little love
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪
♪ I'm gonna wish
upon a star ♪
♪ Don't you think
I'm goin' too far ♪
♪ Need a little trouble
to get me by ♪
♪ Let's start with you and I ♪♪
Is there a Kelly here?Justin!
Hey! Hey, Alexa.
I'm supposed to meet
Kelly here. Have you seen her?
Oh. No, I don't know
where she is.
She's kind of flaky,
but maybe she'll
show up later.
In the meantime,
why don't you just
wait here with me?
All right.
Still no sign of him?No.
He hasn't called either. Did he
leave a message at the hotel?No, ma'am.
I'm sure there's
a perfectly good
explanation.
It better be that he got
hit by a car and he's in
the hospital on his deathbed.
A priest giving him
last rites.
I don't know.
I guess it just
wasn't meant to be.
We're two totally
different kinds of people.
You don't have to be.
What do you mean?
Well, if he's a big
party promoter,
then let's get
to partyin'.
[ Both Giggling ]
[ Groaning ] [ Knocking ]
[ Knocking Continues ]
Okay. All right.
Uuh!Where is she?
Worst hotel ever!Inga!
This is just a misunderstanding!You've
been seeing my girlfriend!
I'm meeting
my Internet girlfriend
in two minutes down at the bar.
I only have one layer of skin
left! If you come near me,
I will jump. I'm not kidding.
- You wanna be tried for murder?
- Don't even try to deny it,
Brandon!
I know you've
been seein' her!I'm not Brandon!
I can't believe she's
seein' a guy like you!What are you tryin' to say?
She goes for fit,
good-looking guys.
Not dorks!
Okay. Well, maybe it's not about
being fit or good-looking.
- Maybe she finds me attractive
for my mind, okay?
- [ Grunts ]
As well as my body.Why is she
doing this to me?
You wanna know the truth?
The truth is,
this is not about me.
- Okay? This is about your
relationship with Inger.
- Inga.
Inga. Right.
I mean, if she was
happy with you,
why would she be having
an affair with anyone,
let alone me, the dork?
And you coming here to kill me
is not gonna solve anything,
okay?
All you'll have is a dead,
red dork.
You're right.
Thank you?
You wanna have a drink
and talk some more?
Yeah. Sure, sure. Heh!
Sounds great.
Uh, you know this won't go
any further than friendship,
right?
Yeah, yeah. You know that.
♪♪ [ R&B,
Indistinct ]
Here you go.
[ Sighs ]
I just don't understand
why Kelly's blowin' me off.
Are we still
talkin' about her?
Look, Justin, I'm gonna
level with you, darlin'.
You need to date someone
a little more wild.
That's who you are.
That's just my reputation.Exactly.
You're a party guy and you
need a party girl, just like
a president needs a first lady.
Look, what I'm tryin' to say
is I'm not like that anymore.[ Laughs ] Oh, please!
Don't give me some speech about
how you've changed and grown up
and discovered true love,
because underneath I know
you're just lookin'
for a really good time.
I am. My idea of having
a good time is being with Kelly.
[ Chuckles ]
I gotta go.
So she hasn't mentioned
her boyfriend back at home?
What?
She does this all the time
with guys, Justin.
You're lying.Am I?
I just don't want
you to get hurt.
I don't believe you.
Well, don't say
I didn't warn you.
[ Scoffs ]
Lightweight.
[ Punching Keypad ]God, how could you curse me
with a perfect body...
andthe gift of persuasion?
Hey. It's Alexa.
Listen, I was wondering
if you could do me a favor.
Yeah. How soon can you
get down here?
She always says
I take her for granted.
You gotta start paying
attention to her.Buy her flowers. Right.
Not just that.
You have to listen
to what she says.
But I'm not interested
in what she says.Okay. Bottom line, Greg.
Do you love her?Well, yeah. I guess.
I mean--
The thought of her being with
anybody else, man, that just
makes me-- makes me crazy.
Okay. Good, good.
You love her.
That's good. That's good.
Now-- Now-- Now, you just
have to fight for her. Heh!
Emotionally, I mean.Yeah. [ Scoffs ]
You are right.
I'm right, I'm right.I can't believe
I'm sittin' here,
havin' a drink with the guy
who is datin' my girlfriend.Sunburn. Sunburn.
[ Slurping, Grunting ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Sobbing ]
♪♪ [ Dance Pop, Indistinct ]
[ Crowd Chattering,
Whooping ]
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hold on. You'll all get
a chance to party BR&J style.
Dude, dude!
MTV just showed up, man!Thank you!
Now I can say with complete
certainty that I rule.
Should we give 'em a discount
on the entrance fee?Uh, no.
Don't you dare try
to text her again.
She'll sense you're desperate.
Dude, I am desperate.Welcome to the world of women,
my damaged friend.
You text, Eddie E-mails.
How about a little
face-to-face action?
Make up for all your losses
in one party-filled fiesta.
- Y'all give discounts
to friends of the promoters?
- 'Cause I'm ready to party.
♪ Uh, oh, yeah ♪
♪ Honey, I can tell by
the wanderin' look
in your eye ♪
♪ You're just a little boy
with about a thousand lies ♪
♪ And the girl you say
is always on your mind ♪
♪ You just sit and watch her
walk out of your life ♪Ooh!
♪ Well, you ♪♪ Talk of love ♪
♪ But your ♪♪ Talk is cheap ♪
♪ You ♪♪ Change your mind ♪
- ♪ Like you ♪
- ♪ Change the sheets ♪
- ♪ And me ♪
- ♪ You're doin' things
that I don't like ♪
- ♪ Instead ♪
- ♪ It ain't right ♪
- Hey, hey!
♪ Well, it must be the madness
Must be the madness ♪
♪ And the magic
that I feel inside ♪
♪ Must be the music
and the rhythm
playing with our minds ♪
♪ Must be the chemistry
You and me ♪
♪ That I can't deny ♪
♪ Wanna tell you I love you
love you, love you ♪
♪ But I can't decide ♪
♪ Bum, bum
A-bum dig it ♪
♪ A-buh, a-buh
♪ Buh, a-buh, a-bum dig it
Dig it, dig it, dig it ♪
♪ It's funny you can't tell
by the way I use my words ♪
♪ I'm all fed up
and it's so absurd ♪
♪ That the whole, wide world
can see what ya done ♪
♪ I'm just a simple girl
Yeah, I'm the one you want ♪
♪ And I'm ♪♪ Talkin' love ♪
♪ 'Cause ♪♪ Talk is free ♪
♪ And-a ♪♪ You're too young
to handle me, so ♪
♪ I'm lookin' for
a whole new vibe ♪♪ And still ♪
♪ You look right
Well, it must be the madness
Must be the madness ♪
♪ And the magic
that I feel inside♪ Oh, must be the music ♪
♪ Must be the music
and the rhythm
playin' with my mind ♪
♪ Must be the chemistry
You and me
That I can't deny ♪
♪ Want to tell you I love you
love you, love you ♪
♪ But I can't decide ♪
♪ A-buh, a-buh
A-bum dig it ♪
♪ Bum, buh, a-bum dig it
Dig it, dig it, dig it ♪
♪ Dig it, dig it, dig it
Yeah ♪
- ♪ A-buh, a-buh, a-bum dig it ♪
- ♪ Dig it, dig it, dig it
Yeah ♪
- ♪ A-buh, a-buh, a-bum dig it ♪
- ♪ Dig it, dig it, dig it
Yeah ♪
- ♪ A-buh, a-buh, a-bum dig it
Dig it, dig it, dig it ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Must be the madness ♪
- ♪ Must be the madness and the
magic that I feel inside ♪
- ♪ I feel inside ♪
- ♪ Must be music and the rhythm
playing with my mind ♪
♪ Must be the chemistry
You and me
That I can't deny ♪
♪ Want to tell you I love you
Love you, love you ♪♪ ♪ But I can't decide ♪♪
Luke!Who's he?
Her boyfriend.So you do
have a boyfriend.
He is not my boyfriend!Then why was
he kissing you?
Why don't you back off,
Sideshow Bob?What did you call me?
You wanna take this
outside?What is he doing here?
We are outside, Tex.Okay, okay. Everybody calm down.
Nobody wants to fight.
Oh, bring it!All right, all right! Look.
There's gotta be a fair
yet profitable way
to settle this.
Okay, hover dudes,
these are the rules.
You line up at the starting
points. When the whistle blows,
you begin your passes.
You must toss your beanbags
into the other hovercraft.
After five passes, both crafts
return to the starting points.
The one with the fewest
of the other team's beanbags
is the winner. You got it?
Luke, you don't have to do this!Relax, sugar.
I know what I'm doin'.
It's just like ridin' a bull,
'cept on sand...
and in the water and then
back on sand again.
Can you beat this clown?
Dude, of course.
The odds on Justin
are two to one,
Luke pays ten to one,
and of course,
I get a 20% handling fee.
You guys ready?[ Cheering ]
Riders, ready?
Hover dudes, go!
Whoo!
- Go!
- Whaddya got?
Luke! Yeah!
[ Engine Sputtering ]
Yes! Go, J!
Ohh!
- Oh.
- [ Man ] Help him! Help him!
Luke!
[ Kelly ]
Luke, can you hear me?
You're gonna be okay, Luke.
I take it gambling
on hovercrafts--
not so legal.
No. Not so legal.
Hey.Hey.
So are you okay?
Yeah. I got five stitches,
but it ought to heal right up.Good.
Now, what are you doin' here?Well, Lex called
and told me you needed me.
Alexa? Look, I'm not sure what
she was thinking, but, Luke,
you and I are just friends.
Can't we be the kind of friends
that go on dates together
and, you know, mess around?
I was thinking more
the sister-brother-type
friendship.
So this isn't gonna work?
No.
You sure know how to hurt a guy
when he's down.Luke, it's five stitches.
It still hurts!
Hi.
The guys at Nikki Beach
said you might be here.
You got a new job.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Five and a quarter an hour,
scraping beans off plates
and filling urinals with ice.
I'm livin' the dream.
Look, I just wanted
to apologize.
- I feel terrible
about what happened.
- You do?
Yes, I do.
I thought we liked each other.
Look, Kaya.
We both know what this is.
It's a spring-break fling.
You know, in a couple days
you'll go home back
to your friends...
and tell 'em all
your wild stories.
You'll tell 'em about the guy
you picked up, except you won't
even remember his name.
But--But some of us are home,
and guess what?
We want more outta life too.
We need our jobs!
So why don't you
just do us all a favor
and stay out of our lives?
Come to the biggest, baddest,
wildest spring-break party.
Please come.
It's only five bucks admission.
I need the money,
and I'm not afraid to beg.
Please. Come.
It's your last chance to party
until next year.
Hey.
Hey. Thanks for comin',
Alexa.
My pleasure.
We need to talk about Kelly.
How do I win her back?
You can't.What?
Just forget about her.
I don't understand.
I mean, move on.
What has Kelly offered to you?
Nothing but lies and heartbreak.
I mean, you deserve more
than that-- a lot more.
Someone like me.
Look, Alexa, I appreciate that,
but I think you're getting
the wrong idea.
Justin, I'm here for you.
All of me.
Alexa! What are you doing?
You're making a huge mistake,
Justin.[ Scoffs ]
Well, add it
to my scoreboard.
Do you know how many guys
would kill to be
in your position?
You think Kelly
has what I have?
[ Kaya ]
♪ When the music plays ♪
♪ A lonely melody ♪
♪ Take me in your arms ♪
♪ And whisper
how love will be ♪♪ [ Knocking ]
Carlos, what are
you doin' here?
I came to apologize
for everything.
You don't have to apologize.
I'm the one who should've minded
my own business.
Okay then. Go ahead.
You're right.
I should've stood up
for myself long ago.
You know, I just had all this
building frustration, and--
and I took it all out on you.
Let me make
it up to you.
How would you like to join me
for an eight-course dinner
at a five-star restaurant?
Carlos, you don't have to
take me someplace expensive
to impress me.
I know, I know.
Are you adventurous?
Close your eyes.
The adventure starts.
[ Giggles ]
I can't see.Come on. Hold on, hold on.
Turn this way.
It starts right now.
You did this for me?
This is incredible.
You deserve incredible.
[ Laughs ]
Shall we?When did you have time
to do this?
Hey. There you are.
Wanna get somethin' to eat?
I'm starvin'.
Yeah. I imagine stabbing one
of your best friends in the back
does take a lot out of you.
What are you talkin' about?Alexa, first of all,
why did you invite Luke here?
Okay. I invited Luke here
because I thought you were
getting in too deep with Justin.
Alexa, I saw you
with Justin today.
All right.
I didn't want to have
to tell you this, but...
But what?Justin called me.
He said he needed to see me.
He said it was important
and not to tell you.
And then he said the only
reason he was seeing you
was to get close to me.
I told him I was
your best friend
and I'd never betray you, and--
and that's when
he tried to kiss me.
I didn't want to tell you.
I thought we'd all
be gone tomorrow...
and nobody would know
about it.
Kelly, I'm so sorry.
Wow.
Exactly. Wow.
I'm so sorry.
I had no idea.
You know, at least
you found out one thing.
He's no good for you, Kelly.
♪♪ [ Rap,
Indistinct ]
Excuse me. Are you Lizzie
from the Internet?
Okay.
Excuse me.
Did we meet on-line?
♪ Bring me the flava
Yo, bring me the feeling ♪
♪ You turn me inside out ♪
♪ You make me scream and shout ♪
Kelly!
Hey!
Sorry, dude.
Kelly! Uuh! Sorry.
Kelly! Wait! Come on.
Where are you going?
We need to talk.
I have nothing
to say to you.Why are you being like this?
[ Crying ] What am I supposed to
be like after what you've done?I haven't done anything.
Alexa told me everything,
Justin. She told me
what you did.
What I did?
You came on to her!
Or should I reenact it
for you?
It's probably the same
little show you put on for me,
except without a boat.
I should've believed what
everybody said about you
in the first place.
I meant everything I said.
And I didn't come on to her.
She came on to me.
- Really? Why would she do that?
- To break us up, Kelly!
Listen, if anybody's gonna
be mad around here,
it should be me.
You've been hot and cold. First
you're blowing me off, and then
you're leaving these messages.
What-
- What messages?
What messages?
That's exactly what I'm
talking about. And you
accuse me of being a player.
Well, you're the one
playing games with me, Kelly.
You know what?
Game over.
♪♪ [ Salsa ]
Hey, I'm going for refills.
You want something to drink?
I'll have one.Okay. Thank you.
You okay?Yeah.
No.
Let's head back
to the hotel.Oh, Lex. Your phone.
[ Beeps On ]Come on, y'all.
Let's go.
What'd you do?Nothin'!
How could you
do this to me?
I don't know.
Kel, it's easy for you.
I mean, you get people to see
who you really are, and I--
I've always been jealous.
I know I shouldn't.
I mean, we've been friends
since forever, but...
Kaya had a guy
and you had Justin.
I just felt like
Miss Runner-up.
You have to believe
I did not mean to hurt you.
I promise. I just--
I just thought if I could get
Justin to like me, then...
maybe I can be
as good as you.
You're nothing like me,
Alexa.
I would never do that
to a friend.
All right.
Here we go.
Let's go.We just got here.
Let's just go.Did I miss something?
What?
Come on.Kaya.
♪ Anytime you feel ♪
♪ Like you just can't
hold on ♪
♪ Just hold on to my love ♪
♪ And I'll help you
be strong ♪
♪ But you're so afraid
to lose ♪
♪ And, baby, I can't
reach your heart ♪
♪ And I can't
face this world ♪
♪ That's keepin' us apart ♪
♪ When I can be
the one to show you ♪
♪ Everything
you missed before ♪
♪ Just hold on now ♪
♪ 'Cause I could be the one
to give you more ♪
♪ Let you know ♪
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
I'm on your side ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Just let me be the one
I can make it all right ♪
♪ I can make it all right ♪
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
you're in my heart ♪
♪ I can make it all right ♪
♪ And now there's
no way out ♪
♪ And I can't help
the way I feel ♪
♪ 'Cause, baby
you're the fire ♪
♪ And I'll be waiting
right here ♪
♪ You know my love is real, baby
Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
I'm on your side ♪
♪ You know
Just let me be the one ♪
♪ I can make it all right ♪
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
you're in my heart ♪
♪ I can make it all right ♪
♪ All right ♪♪
Come here often?Justin!
I thought you were leaving.
I was. Actually, I was
on my way to the airport.
- What stopped you?
- I did.
Don't you think
you've interfered enough?
Kelly, I told Justin the truth
about everything I did.
I tried my hardest to
keep y'all apart. You just
kept gettin' back together,
and I'm the queen
of conniving.
It's fate.
You two belong together.
So now,
in the entire universe,
we're in the same exact place
at the same exact time...
feeling the same exact way
about each other, right?Yes.
So how can you say
it's not fate?
Dumb luck.
[ Laughs ][ Laughs ]
Whatever it is,
it feels great.
♪ That I could be the one
to give you ♪
♪ All that you've
been searching for ♪
♪ Just hold on to my love ♪
♪ And, baby
let me give you more ♪
♪ You know anytime ♪
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
I'm on your side ♪
♪ You know
Just let me be the one ♪
♪ Let me be the one ♪♪
I can make it all right ♪
♪ Baby, gonna make it
all right ♪
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
you're in my heart ♪
♪ I can make it all right ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪
[ Chorus ]
♪ Anytime you need love, baby
I'm on your side ♪
♪ Just let me be the one
I can make it all right ♪
♪ Oh, oh
Anytime you need love ♪
♪ Baby, you're in my heart ♪
♪ I can make it all right ♪
♪ All right ♪♪
♪♪ [ Funk ]
Did you see how this worked out?
I just needed one final push,
one last hurrah.
Go out with a bang
and not a whimper.
Word up.
You remembered to pay for
the food and drinks, right?Oh, yeah.
And the deejay?Oh, yeah.
And of course, I get half.And I'm left
with exactly...
one dollar.[ Both Laugh ]
Oh, hey, Greg. How'd it go
with your girlfriend?
Did you take my advice?
We broke up.What?
She just wanted to have fun--
partying, drinking, clubbing.
I wanted a real commitment.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I'm sure you'll find
that special someone.
Thanks, man.
Yeah.
I don't mean to eavesdrop,
but that was really nice.
Oh. Yeah, well,
you know, I'm kinda
like a romance guru.
You probably don't want to hear
my sob story, but I spent
the entire spring break...
looking for this guy
I met on the Internet.Huh.
Hot2trot@markmail.com?
All4captainpicard@deeplife.com?
[ Woman ] Put your hands
in the air and step away
from the piña colada.
What is it this time?
I haven't broken anything.
I have a permit.
What do you want with me?
For the love of God,
I only have one... dollar.
Actually, all I wanted
was a drink.Whoa, you're gorgeous.
And I'm off duty.
So, you still have
those handcuffs?
Look, I know this whole thing
is not your scene, but we don't
have to stay the whole time.
Yo, wait. You have yet
to experience spring break.What are you talking about?
Now you get to party with me.Oh, well,
let's get to partyin'.
Well, let's go![ Giggles ]
So you promise you'll
come out to Texas?
Even if I have
to take a hovercraft
to get there, baby.
Oh, come on, you two.
Quit bein' all gushy. It's
spring break. Let's party. Whoo!
♪♪ [ Women Vocalizing ]
[ Deejay, Indistinct ][ Brandon ]
BR&J in the house.
And this is how we do it.
This is how we
do it to it.
Come on. Let's party!
- Party over here!
♪ That's the way I like it ♪
♪ Uh-huh
That's the way ♪
♪ Uh-huh, I like it
Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way
♪ I like it
Uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way
♪ I like it
Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ When you take me
by the hand ♪
♪ And tell me
I'm your lovin' man ♪
Yo, baby! Come on!
♪ When you give me
all your love ♪
♪ And do the best
Very best you can, yeah ♪
♪ That's the way
I like it ♪
♪ Uh-huh
That's the way ♪
♪ Uh-huh I like it
Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ Baby, you know
that's the way
Uh-huh, I like it ♪
♪ Yeah, hey-ey
Uh-huh, that's the way ♪
♪ Uh-huh, I like it
Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ Oh, when I get to be
Be in your arms ♪
♪ And when we're all
All alone ♪
♪ Hey, and when you whisper
sweet in my ear ♪
♪ And when you turn
turn me on ♪
♪ That's the way, that's the way
That's the way
That's the way, now ♪
♪ That's the way
That's the way I like it
Uh, uh ♪
♪ That's the way, that's the way
That's the way
That's the way, now ♪
♪ That's the way
That's the way I like it ♪
♪ All the girls were singing ♪♪ That's the way
That's the way ♪
♪ That's the way
That's the way, now ♪
That's the way I like it ♪
♪ Come on ladies
Uh, uh, that's the way ♪
♪ That's the way, that's the way
That's the way, now ♪
♪ That's the way
That's the way I like it ♪
♪ I like it, I like it
I like it, I like it ♪
♪ That's the way I like it
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ Party people, everybody
Everybody just
clap your hands ♪
♪ If you're gonna do what you're
gonna do, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Get outta here, come on
So throw your hands
in the air ♪
♪ And wave 'em like
you just don't care ♪
♪ And if you're gonna do
what I think you do
then everybody scream ♪
♪ That's the way
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
I like it, uh-huh ♪
♪ That's the way, uh-huh
I like it, uh-huh, uh-huh ♪♪
[ Female Chorus ]
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me ♪
♪ And give me something
to believe ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me
Let this love take me ♪
and give me something ♪
♪ To believe ♪
[ Kelly ]
♪ Last night an angel
came to me ♪
♪ Woke me out of sleep, said ♪
♪ Girl, you best get
on your feet ♪
♪ Don't miss the ride ♪
♪ Last night that angel
spoke to me, said ♪
♪ Let's be wild and free ♪
♪ The impossible is possible
Just wait and see ♪
[ Justin ]
♪ If this angel's tellin' me
the truth ♪
♪ What have I got to lose ♪
♪ I've been waiting
for my heart to move ♪
♪ I'm ready to fly ♪
♪ Wherever love is
I hope she'll be there ♪
♪ Waiting for me too ♪
♪ I'll be patient till I see
that look in her eyes ♪
[ Kelly ]
♪ I've been told so many times ♪
♪ Dreams don't really
come to life ♪
♪ But I got a good feelin'
I can't deny ♪
♪ I might be
in for a surprise ♪
♪ It's only gonna be
a matter of time ♪
♪ Till I believe
in love divine ♪
[ Female Chorus ]
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me ♪
♪ And give me something
to believe ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me
and let this love take me ♪
and give me something ♪
♪ To believe ♪
[ Justin ]
♪ I wonder where you are
right now ♪
♪ What your world is like ♪
[ Kelly ]
♪ I'm dying to know
what you're all about ♪
[ Together ]
♪ What makes you cry ♪
[ Kelly ]
♪ Since that angel spoke
my hopes are high ♪
♪ That you'll be in my life ♪
[ Justin ]
♪ Wishing on a star
you can't be far ♪
♪ This time ♪
[ Kelly ]
♪ I've been told
so many times ♪
♪ Dreams don't really
come alive ♪
[ Justin ]
♪ But I got a feelin'
I can't deny ♪
♪ I might be in
for a surprise ♪
[ Together ]
♪ It's only gonna be
a matter of time ♪
♪ Till I believe in
love divine ♪
[ Male Chorus ]
♪ Said, sugar, sugar
won't you come to me ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel your problem
I'm doing this deed ♪
♪ You already got me hooked
You don't need to tease ♪
♪ I just wanna get
to know ya, baby
Baby, please ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar
won't you come to me ♪
♪ 'Cause it's spring break
We got one week ♪
♪ And we only got a little bit
of time to speak ♪
♪ You know we gonna
stay in touch, right ♪
[ Kelly ]
♪ It's only gonna be
a matter of time ♪
♪ Till I believe
in love divi-i-ine ♪
Whoo!
[ Chuckling ]♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me ♪
♪ And give me something
to believe ♪[ Justin ] ♪ Sugar ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me
and let this love take me ♪♪ Won't you come on ♪
and give me something ♪♪ Won't you come ♪
♪ To believe ♪Come on, sugar.
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to
me ♪♪ Sugar, sugar girl ♪
me ♪♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to
me ♪♪ Yeah, baby ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me
♪♪ Come on, girl, yeah ♪
and give me something
to believe ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, come to me
and let this love take me ♪♪ Won't you come on ♪
and give me something ♪♪ Won't you come ♪
♪ To believe ♪
♪ Sugar, sugar, have I told you
too many times ♪Tell me.
♪ Do you believe in
a love divine ♪I will believe you.
♪ Have I told you
too many times ♪
♪ Do you believe in
a love divine ♪♪ I believe anything you say ♪
♪ Love divine, love divine
Love divine ♪
♪ Love divine ♪♪